So we just finished putting together a little compose application here.
It's very simple in the sense that it showcases a little bit of what Compose can do.
Obviously, again, it's a very simplistic idea of what composing you do, but I'm hoping by going through
this process of building this small application, you were able to see the power of compose and get
excited about it.
That's the whole idea.
So what are we going to be doing next?
Well, it will depend on what you want to do.
So next, what are we going to do?
We're going to go back to this learning hat.
Right?
So if you understand Kotlin, you've done the codling before and you're secure in your Kotlin knowledge,
then obviously you're going to skip this part completely.
And that's totally fine.
And remember that these videos are always going to be here so you can always come back and go to different
sections if you need to brush up on codling fundamentals.
So just to let you know the next sections, we're going to dive into codling fundamentals.
So really basics and run perhaps slowly until we get to some advanced concepts of the common language.
And this is very important because Compose uses huddling heavily, and so understanding cuddling is
going to be very helpful.
If you don't know Kotlin, do not skip this section.
I really believe that because then you're going to have a lot of trouble once we start with building
compose applications, using cuddling.
So if you're a beginner, you don't know cuddling very well.
I recommend you just to go through these sections on cuddling.
OK?
And again, like I said, if you want to dive right through and go to jetpack compose sections, you
are more than welcome.
You can scroll down and find where we reach back to compose.
All right.
So again, let's go ahead and get started with Kotlin fundamentals.
I'll see you next.
OK, now we're going to go right into Kotlin fundamentals.
And if you already said no Kotlin, this is an optional section or these are optional sections, but
it's going to be more than one section.
You can just skip all of that and go to jetpack compose.
OK.
All right.
Let's go ahead and get started.